1. User comes into embassy - wants service. Finds a QR code. Scans QR Code and is sent registration page. User provides Name, mobile no & email and given a token no ( 4 digit numeric)
2. The token is placed in service queue
3. There are n number of service booths - being served by n number of service providers
4. A tv is pointed to web url - which currently service and queue status
5. When user's token is being served he goes service booth that is serviing his token
6. Service provider confirms user name and then asks what service to provide
7. User asks for service 'y' ( eg E-passport Urgent) * ( not part of software process)
8. Service provide ensured proper form is filled and documents are in order. * ( not part of software process)
9. Sevice provider asks the user to pay connect fee via bank card * ( not part of software process)
10. Once fee is paid - use selects service from menu ( service 'y' )- click print money receipt
11. System print 3 copy of money receipt - Customer Copy, Counter Copy, Office Copy
12. A delivery request has token no, user name, what service paid etc.                                              
13. Service provider provides Delivery Slip - Office copy (attached with form, file and docs), Delivery Request Copy - submiited for reuesting docs at service completion. Service received copy with user's signature

14. On the day of delivery the user will present the Delivery Request Copy and wait for document
15. On received the document at hand he will sign the Service Received Copy and provide to the service provider

There needs to be a way to say a delivery will be delayed to a later date and send email to the user

The following reports are needed
1. What to Deliver on X
2. What was delivered on X
3. What is ready to deliver but not picked up
4. Delivery date - but delay
5. Request received today
6. Revinue generated by service today
7. Report x to y date - report 6 
